CASMTRIAGE-4003 - update documentation for console connections to an ncn. (#2396)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/conman/Establish_a_Serial_Connection_to_NCNs.md

In the scenario of a power down or reboot of an NCN worker, one must first determine if any `cray-console` pods
are running on that NCN. It is important to move `cray-console` pods to other worker nodes before rebooting or
powering off a worker node to minimize disruption in console logging. If a brief interruption in console logging

> and interactive access is acceptable while the NCN worker is being drained, the evacuation may be skipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and interactive access is acceptable while the NCN worker is being drained, then the evacuation may be skipped.
```

    cray-console-node-1
    ```

> 1. (`ncn-mw`) Check which NCN worker node the `cray-console-node` pod is running on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (`ncn-mw#`) Check which NCN worker node the `cray-console-node` pod is running on.
```

    ```bash
    kubectl -n services get pods -o wide | grep $NODE_POD
    ```

    Example output:

    ```text
    cray-console-node-1   3/3  Running  0  3h55m   10.42.0.12  ncn-w010   <none>   <none>
    ```

>     If the pod is running on the node that is going to be rebooted, the interactive session

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the pod is running on the node that is going to be rebooted, then the interactive session
```

    and logging will be interrupted while the NCN worker is drained and the pods are all
    migrated to different NCN workers. To maintain an interactive console session, the
    `cray-console-node` pod must be moved:

>     1. Cordon the NCN worker node to suspend scheduling and delete the pod

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Cordon the NCN worker node to suspend scheduling, then delete the pod.
```

        ```bash
        WNODE=ncn-wxxx
        kubectl cordon $WNODE
        kubectl -n services delete pod $NODE_POD
        ```

>     1. Wait for the pod to restart on another NCN worker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Wait for the pod to restart on another NCN worker.
```

    1. Repeat the previous step to find if this node is now being monitored by a different `cray-console-node` pod.

>     **NOTE:** To insure the minimum disruption to console logging and interaction, you may

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **NOTE:** If desiring to minimize the disruption to console logging and interaction, 
```

>     optionally follow the [Evacuation procedure](#evacuation-procedure) to remove all console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    then follow the [Evacuation procedure](#evacuation-procedure) to remove all console
```

>     1. Wait for the `console-operator` and `console-data` pods to be re-scheduled on other nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. (`ncn-mw#`) Wait for the `console-operator` and `console-data` pods to be re-scheduled on other nodes.
```
